added APK in demo apk folder (#31)
krharsh17/barview-android: README.md

barview.setData(barModels);
```

> The demo apk for the project is available at barview-android/demo-apk/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The demo apk for the project is available [here](https://github.com/krharsh17/barview-android/blob/develop/demo-apk/app-debug.apk)
```

> The demo apk for the project is available demo apk folder of the root directory

Reviewer: Add a direct link to the apk here
